okay so where to begin so I've been away
for a bit late really I you may be
thinking this yeah uh sorry I have just
woken up but yeah I've been away and I
can't even think I had a complete list
of ideas I was just about to say I i
looked at my other channel now my other
channel which is so on which I've
mentioned where I've got 150,000 views
on like one video hundred thousand like
basically it's my good channel it's got
a lot more views and it's got its
overtaken in subscribers as well so I
want to switch to that channel to
continue my like doing this like
continue doing this stuff but like I've
just been kind of thinking on that for a
few days not to mention my computer got
a blue screen and now literally the
whole thing got wiped and I need it to
redownload everything so that's why
there hasn't been a video in like a week
nearly two or whatever uh well Ellis is
that really but yeah I wanted to just
compare the channel so on this channel
called donkey 123 a it's gained 20 3193
views in one month that's over how much
I've earned on a gaming project since
it's begun cuz I live twenty thousand
and thirty-two but I get twenty three
thousand a month hey that is just
amazing and late minutes watched
twenty-four thousand four hundred and
three a game in project 1856 and let is
gained a lot of its just gaining so much
more and what's much I was just thinking
what's my subscriber count let's have a
look I know you can't see this but hey
uh yeah it I can't have a look at my
subscriber count because I'm kind of
logged into both accounts at the same
time which is very very awkward yeah
okay so I've just completely screwed up
the analytics but basically i want the
switch to donkey 123 a so i will be
doing videos and stuff like
I will still be doing it it's just on
the other channel i'll put the link in
the description but i really hope that
were you guys who do watch me just go to
like subscribe to that one as well
because i'll still use this one every
now and again I'll use it for stuff but
I've like this channel this other
channel has so much more potential than
this one if you know I mean like don't
you want e38 is there's much higher
chances of good stuff and yeah so like
this fish channel yeah and I'm not even
lying about the blue screen and stuff my
computer got blue screen and then I had
to wipe my hard drive and it was a blur
blur blur blur I can't do anything for a
couple of weeks outside yeah that's all
I really wanted to say so goodbye